README.md, before:

# Awesome Guidelines [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of high quality coding style conventions and standards.

## Contents
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
- [Development Environment](#development-environment)
- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Content Management System](#content-management-system)
- [Tools](#tools)


## Programming Languages

### C
- [NASA C Style](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/dts/pm/Papers/nasa-c-style.pdf)
- [C Coding Standard](https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~eno/coding/CCodingStandard.html)
- [C Programming/Structure and style](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Programming/Structure_and_style)

### C#
- [C# Coding Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/coding-conventions)
- [C# Style Guide](https://github.com/raywenderlich/c-sharp-style-guide)
- [C# Coding Standards and Naming Conventions](http://www.dofactory.com/reference/csharp-coding-standards)

### C++
- [Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)
- [C++ Core Guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines) - A set of tried-and-true guidelines, rules, and best practices about coding in C++.

### Clojure
- [The Clojure Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/clojure-style-guide) - A community coding style guide for the Clojure programming language.

### Common Lisp
- [Style Guide](http://lisp-lang.org/style-guide/)
- [Google Common Lisp Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/lispguide.xml)
- [Common Lisp Style Guide](http://labs.ariel-networks.com/cl-style-guide.html)

### D
- [The D Style](https://dlang.org/dstyle.html) - A set of style conventions for writing D programs.

### Dart
- [Effective Dart](https://www.dartlang.org/guides/language/effective-dart)

### Elixir
- [Elixir Styleguide](http://elixir.community/styleguide)

### Elm
- [Elm style guide](http://elm-lang.org/docs/style-guide)

### Erlang
- [Programming Rules and Conventions](http://www.erlang.se/doc/programming_rules.shtml)
- [Erlang Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/inaka/erlang_guidelines)

### F#
- [The F# Component Design Guidelines](http://fsharp.org/specs/component-design-guidelines/)

### Fortran
- [Fortran 90 Standards](http://research.metoffice.gov.uk/research/nwp/numerical/fortran90/f90_standards.html) - European Standards For Writing and Documenting Exchangeable Fortran 90 Code.

### Go
- [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html)

### Groovy
- [Apache Groovy style guide](http://groovy-lang.org/style-guide.html)

### Haskell
- [Haskell Programming guidelines](https://wiki.haskell.org/Programming_guidelines)

### Java
- [Code Conventions for the Java™ Programming Language](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/codeconvtoc-136057.html)
- [Google Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html) - Google's coding standards for source code in the Java™ Programming Language.
- [Java Programming Style Guide](http://javaranch.com/style.jsp)
- [Alibaba-Java-Coding-Guidelines](https://alibaba.github.io/Alibaba-Java-Coding-Guidelines/) - A guide for Java developers

### JavaScript
- [JavaScript The Right Way](http://jstherightway.org) - An easy-to-read, quick reference for JS best practices, accepted coding standards, and links around the Web.
- [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html) - This document serves as the complete definition of Google’s coding standards for source code in the JavaScript programming language.
- [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) - A mostly reasonable approach to JavaScript.
- [jQuery Core Style Guide](http://contribute.jquery.org/style-guide/js/)
- [JavaScript Style Guides And Beautifiers](https://addyosmani.com/blog/javascript-style-guides-and-beautifiers/)
- [JavaScript Style Guide and Coding Conventions](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_conventions.asp)
- [Code Conventions for the JavaScript](http://javascript.crockford.com/code.html)
- [Javascript Clean Code](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript) - Software engineering principles, from Robert C. Martin's book [Clean Code](https://www.amazon.com/Clean-Code-Handbook-Software-Craftsmanship/dp/0132350882), adapted for JavaScript.

### JSON
- [Google JSON Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsoncstyleguide.xml)
- [JSON Style Guide](http://www.w3resource.com/slides/json-style-guide.php)

### Kotlin
- [Coding Conventions](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coding-conventions.html)

### Lua
- [Lua Style Guide](http://lua-users.org/wiki/LuaStyleGuide)

### Markdown
- [Google Markdown Style Guide](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/docguide/style.md) - Style guide for Google-originated projects using Markdown.
- [Markdown Style Guide](http://www.cirosantilli.com/markdown-style-guide/)

### .NET
- [.NET Standard](https://github.com/dotnet/standard)
- [.NET Secure Coding Guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/security/secure-coding-guidelines)
- [.NET Naming Guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/naming-guidelines)

### Objective-C
- [Objective-C Style guide](https://github.com/github/objective-c-style-guide) - Style guide & coding conventions for Objective-C projects.
- [Google Objective-C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/objcguide.xml)
- [NYTimes Objective-C Style Guide](https://github.com/NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide) - The Objective-C Style Guide used by The New York Times.

### Pascal
- [Coding style](http://wiki.freepascal.org/Coding_style)

### Perl
- [Perl best practices v4](https://www.slideshare.net/RandalSchwartz/perl-best-practices-v4) - slides by Randal Schwartz, based on the book by Damian Conway.
- [Perl Elements to Avoid](http://perl-begin.org/tutorials/bad-elements/) - A list of unrecommended practices, and what to do instead.
- [perlstyle](https://perldoc.perl.org/perlstyle.html)

### PHP
- [PHP FIG](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/) - PHP Standards Recommendations.
- [PHP The Right Way](http://www.phptherightway.com) - An easy-to-read, quick reference for PHP best practices, accepted coding standards, and links to authoritative tutorials around the Web.
- [Clean Code PHP](https://github.com/jupeter/clean-code-php) - Clean Code concepts adapted for PHP

### Python
- [Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
- [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html)
- [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python](http://python-guide-pt-br.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Highly regarded Python best practices guide.

### R
- [Google's R Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml)
- [The tidyverse style guide](http://style.tidyverse.org)

### Racket
- [How to Program Racket: a Style Guide](http://docs.racket-lang.org/style/index.html)

### Ruby
- [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/ruby) - Airbnb's Ruby Style Guide.
- [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide) - A community-driven Ruby coding style guide.

### Rust
- [Rust Style Guide](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/fmt-rfcs/blob/master/guide/guide.md)
- [Rust Guidelines](http://aturon.github.io)

### Scala
- [Scala Style Guide](http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/)
- [Databricks Scala Guide](https://github.com/databricks/scala-style-guide) - Databricks Scala Coding Style Guide.
- [Scala Best Practices](https://github.com/alexandru/scala-best-practices)

### Shell
- [Google Shell Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/shell.xml) - Style guide for Google-originated projects using Shell.

### Swift
- [API Design Guidelines](https://swift.org/documentation/api-design-guidelines/)
- [Swift](https://github.com/github/swift-style-guide) - A guide to our Swift style and conventions.
- [Swift style guide](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-style-guide)
- [Swift Style Guide](https://github.com/linkedin/swift-style-guide) - LinkedIn's Official Swift Style Guide
- [Metova's Swift style guide](https://github.com/metova/swift-style-guide)
- [Xmartlabs Swift Style Guide](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Swift-Style-Guide) - Swift language style guide & coding conventions followed by Xmartlabs.

### Visual Basic
- [Visual Basic Concepts](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa240822(v=vs.60).aspx)
- [Visual Basic/Coding Standards](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Coding_Standards)

### XML
- [Google XML Document Format Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/xmlstyle.html)


## Development Environment

### Shell
- [Shell Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/shell.xml)

### Git
- [Git Style Guide](https://github.com/agis/git-style-guide)
- [Few Rules from Git Documentation](https://github.com/git/git/blob/master/Documentation/CodingGuidelines)

### PowerShell
- [The PowerShell Best Practices and Style Guide](https://github.com/PoshCode/PowerShellPracticeAndStyle) - The Unofficial PowerShell Best Practices and Style Guide.

## Platforms

### Android
- [Android Guidelines](https://github.com/ribot/android-guidelines) - Architecture and code guidelines we use at ribot when developing for Android.
- [Xmartlabs Android Style Guide](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Android-Style-Guide) - Style guide for Android by Xmartlabs.

### Apache
- [Apache Developers' C Language Style Guide](http://httpd.apache.org/dev/styleguide.html)

### API
- [HAL](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html) - A simple format that gives a consistent and easy way to hyperlink between resources in your API
- [Microsoft REST API Guidelines](https://github.com/Microsoft/api-guidelines) - The Microsoft REST API Guidelines
- [JSON API - Recommendations](http://jsonapi.org/recommendations) - This section contains recommendations for JSON API implementations
- [API Security Checklist](https://github.com/shieldfy/API-Security-Checklist) - Checklist of the most important security countermeasures when designing, testing, and releasing your API

### Arduino
- [Arduino style guide](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/StyleGuide)
- [API Style Guide for Arduino](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/APIStyleGuide)

### Frontend Development
- [CSS Guildelines](https://cssguidelin.es) - High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS.
- [Frontend Guidelines](https://github.com/bendc/frontend-guidelines) - Some HTML, CSS and JS best practices.
- [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es) - An opinionated styleguide for writing sane, maintainable and scalable Sass.
- [Airbnb CSS / Sass Styleguide](https://github.com/airbnb/css) - A mostly reasonable approach to CSS and Sass.
- [HTML Style Guide](https://github.com/marcobiedermann/html-style-guide) - A style guide which helps you write better, performant, structured, scalable and maintainable HTML.
- [HTML + CSS Code Guide](http://codeguide.co) - Standards for flexible, durable, and sustainable HTML and CSS.
- [U.S. Web Design Standards](https://standards.usa.gov) - Open source UI components and visual style guide for U.S. government websites.
- [CoffeeScript Style Guide](https://github.com/polarmobile/coffeescript-style-guide) - A collection of best-practices and coding conventions for the CoffeeScript programming language.
- [LESS Coding Guidelines](https://gist.github.com/fat/a47b882eb5f84293c4ed)
- [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.html)
- [Guidelines for Responsive Web Design](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2011/01/guidelines-for-responsive-web-design/)
- [Yelp Styleguide](https://www.yelp.com/styleguide)
- [Ambassador Conventions](http://conventions.getambassador.com) - A UX and design pattern library for all Ambassador apps.
- [Front-End Checklist](https://github.com/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist)

### GNU
- [GNU coding standards](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/)
- [Making The Best Use of C](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Writing-C.html) - This chapter provides advice on how best to use the C language when writing GNU software.

### Java
- [JavaEE Specification](https://github.com/javaee/javaee-spec)

### Linux
- [Linux kernel coding style](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/process/coding-style.html)

### Mozilla
- [Mozilla Coding Style Guide](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/Coding_Style)

### Node.js
- [npm-coding-style](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/coding-style)
- [Microsoft + Node.js Guidelines](https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejs-guidelines)
- [Node.js Style Guide](https://github.com/felixge/node-style-guide) - A guide for styling your node.js / JavaScript code.

### MongoDB
- [Mongo Style Guide](https://github.com/jsoendermann/MongoStyleGuide)

### Other
- [Keep a CHANGELOG](http://keepachangelog.com/en/0.3.0/) - Don’t let your friends dump git logs into CHANGELOGs™.
- [Project Guidelines](https://github.com/wearehive/project-guidelines) - A set of best practices for JavaScript projects.
- [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org)
- [Indent style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indent_style)
- [WebAppSec/Secure Coding Guidelines](https://wiki.mozilla.org/WebAppSec/Secure_Coding_Guidelines)


## Content Management System
- [WordPress Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/)
- [Drupal Coding Standards](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/standards)


## Tools
- [JavaScript Standard Style](https://standardjs.com) - One JavaScript Style to Rule Them All.
- [Checkstyle](https://github.com/checkstyle/checkstyle) - tool for checking Java source code for adherence to a Code Standard or set of validation rules.
- [Conventional Changelog](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog)
- [semantic-release](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
- [North](http://pointnorth.io) - Design and development standards to align and guide your project.


## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [Wahyu Kristianto](https://github.com/Kristories) has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Add a link to the C and C++ Bad Elements resource.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Guidelines [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of high quality coding style conventions and standards.

## Contents
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
- [Development Environment](#development-environment)
- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Content Management System](#content-management-system)
- [Tools](#tools)


## Programming Languages

### C
- [NASA C Style](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/dts/pm/Papers/nasa-c-style.pdf)
- [C Coding Standard](https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~eno/coding/CCodingStandard.html)
- [C Programming/Structure and style](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Programming/Structure_and_style)
- [C and C++ Elements to Avoid](http://www.shlomifish.org/lecture/C-and-CPP/bad-elements/) - A list of unrecommended practices, and what to do instead.


### C#
- [C# Coding Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/coding-conventions)
- [C# Style Guide](https://github.com/raywenderlich/c-sharp-style-guide)
- [C# Coding Standards and Naming Conventions](http://www.dofactory.com/reference/csharp-coding-standards)

### C++
- [Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)
- [C++ Core Guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines) - A set of tried-and-true guidelines, rules, and best practices about coding in C++.

### Clojure
- [The Clojure Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/clojure-style-guide) - A community coding style guide for the Clojure programming language.

### Common Lisp
- [Style Guide](http://lisp-lang.org/style-guide/)
- [Google Common Lisp Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/lispguide.xml)
- [Common Lisp Style Guide](http://labs.ariel-networks.com/cl-style-guide.html)

### D
- [The D Style](https://dlang.org/dstyle.html) - A set of style conventions for writing D programs.

### Dart
- [Effective Dart](https://www.dartlang.org/guides/language/effective-dart)

### Elixir
- [Elixir Styleguide](http://elixir.community/styleguide)

### Elm
- [Elm style guide](http://elm-lang.org/docs/style-guide)

### Erlang
- [Programming Rules and Conventions](http://www.erlang.se/doc/programming_rules.shtml)
- [Erlang Coding Guidelines](https://github.com/inaka/erlang_guidelines)

### F#
- [The F# Component Design Guidelines](http://fsharp.org/specs/component-design-guidelines/)

### Fortran
- [Fortran 90 Standards](http://research.metoffice.gov.uk/research/nwp/numerical/fortran90/f90_standards.html) - European Standards For Writing and Documenting Exchangeable Fortran 90 Code.

### Go
- [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html)

### Groovy
- [Apache Groovy style guide](http://groovy-lang.org/style-guide.html)

### Haskell
- [Haskell Programming guidelines](https://wiki.haskell.org/Programming_guidelines)

### Java
- [Code Conventions for the Java™ Programming Language](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/codeconvtoc-136057.html)
- [Google Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html) - Google's coding standards for source code in the Java™ Programming Language.
- [Java Programming Style Guide](http://javaranch.com/style.jsp)
- [Alibaba-Java-Coding-Guidelines](https://alibaba.github.io/Alibaba-Java-Coding-Guidelines/) - A guide for Java developers

### JavaScript
- [JavaScript The Right Way](http://jstherightway.org) - An easy-to-read, quick reference for JS best practices, accepted coding standards, and links around the Web.
- [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html) - This document serves as the complete definition of Google’s coding standards for source code in the JavaScript programming language.
- [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) - A mostly reasonable approach to JavaScript.
- [jQuery Core Style Guide](http://contribute.jquery.org/style-guide/js/)
- [JavaScript Style Guides And Beautifiers](https://addyosmani.com/blog/javascript-style-guides-and-beautifiers/)
- [JavaScript Style Guide and Coding Conventions](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_conventions.asp)
- [Code Conventions for the JavaScript](http://javascript.crockford.com/code.html)
- [Javascript Clean Code](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript) - Software engineering principles, from Robert C. Martin's book [Clean Code](https://www.amazon.com/Clean-Code-Handbook-Software-Craftsmanship/dp/0132350882), adapted for JavaScript.

### JSON
- [Google JSON Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsoncstyleguide.xml)
- [JSON Style Guide](http://www.w3resource.com/slides/json-style-guide.php)

### Kotlin
- [Coding Conventions](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coding-conventions.html)

### Lua
- [Lua Style Guide](http://lua-users.org/wiki/LuaStyleGuide)

### Markdown
- [Google Markdown Style Guide](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/docguide/style.md) - Style guide for Google-originated projects using Markdown.
- [Markdown Style Guide](http://www.cirosantilli.com/markdown-style-guide/)

### .NET
- [.NET Standard](https://github.com/dotnet/standard)
- [.NET Secure Coding Guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/security/secure-coding-guidelines)
- [.NET Naming Guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/naming-guidelines)

### Objective-C
- [Objective-C Style guide](https://github.com/github/objective-c-style-guide) - Style guide & coding conventions for Objective-C projects.
- [Google Objective-C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/objcguide.xml)
- [NYTimes Objective-C Style Guide](https://github.com/NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide) - The Objective-C Style Guide used by The New York Times.

### Pascal
- [Coding style](http://wiki.freepascal.org/Coding_style)

### Perl
- [Perl best practices v4](https://www.slideshare.net/RandalSchwartz/perl-best-practices-v4) - slides by Randal Schwartz, based on the book by Damian Conway.
- [Perl Elements to Avoid](http://perl-begin.org/tutorials/bad-elements/) - A list of unrecommended practices, and what to do instead.
- [perlstyle](https://perldoc.perl.org/perlstyle.html)

### PHP
- [PHP FIG](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/) - PHP Standards Recommendations.
- [PHP The Right Way](http://www.phptherightway.com) - An easy-to-read, quick reference for PHP best practices, accepted coding standards, and links to authoritative tutorials around the Web.
- [Clean Code PHP](https://github.com/jupeter/clean-code-php) - Clean Code concepts adapted for PHP

### Python
- [Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
- [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html)
- [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python](http://python-guide-pt-br.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Highly regarded Python best practices guide.

### R
- [Google's R Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/Rguide.xml)
- [The tidyverse style guide](http://style.tidyverse.org)

### Racket
- [How to Program Racket: a Style Guide](http://docs.racket-lang.org/style/index.html)

### Ruby
- [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/ruby) - Airbnb's Ruby Style Guide.
- [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide) - A community-driven Ruby coding style guide.

### Rust
- [Rust Style Guide](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/fmt-rfcs/blob/master/guide/guide.md)
- [Rust Guidelines](http://aturon.github.io)

### Scala
- [Scala Style Guide](http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/)
- [Databricks Scala Guide](https://github.com/databricks/scala-style-guide) - Databricks Scala Coding Style Guide.
- [Scala Best Practices](https://github.com/alexandru/scala-best-practices)

### Shell
- [Google Shell Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/shell.xml) - Style guide for Google-originated projects using Shell.

### Swift
- [API Design Guidelines](https://swift.org/documentation/api-design-guidelines/)
- [Swift](https://github.com/github/swift-style-guide) - A guide to our Swift style and conventions.
- [Swift style guide](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-style-guide)
- [Swift Style Guide](https://github.com/linkedin/swift-style-guide) - LinkedIn's Official Swift Style Guide
- [Metova's Swift style guide](https://github.com/metova/swift-style-guide)
- [Xmartlabs Swift Style Guide](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Swift-Style-Guide) - Swift language style guide & coding conventions followed by Xmartlabs.

### Visual Basic
- [Visual Basic Concepts](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa240822(v=vs.60).aspx)
- [Visual Basic/Coding Standards](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Coding_Standards)

### XML
- [Google XML Document Format Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/xmlstyle.html)


## Development Environment

### Shell
- [Shell Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/shell.xml)

### Git
- [Git Style Guide](https://github.com/agis/git-style-guide)
- [Few Rules from Git Documentation](https://github.com/git/git/blob/master/Documentation/CodingGuidelines)

### PowerShell
- [The PowerShell Best Practices and Style Guide](https://github.com/PoshCode/PowerShellPracticeAndStyle) - The Unofficial PowerShell Best Practices and Style Guide.

## Platforms

### Android
- [Android Guidelines](https://github.com/ribot/android-guidelines) - Architecture and code guidelines we use at ribot when developing for Android.
- [Xmartlabs Android Style Guide](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Android-Style-Guide) - Style guide for Android by Xmartlabs.

### Apache
- [Apache Developers' C Language Style Guide](http://httpd.apache.org/dev/styleguide.html)

### API
- [HAL](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html) - A simple format that gives a consistent and easy way to hyperlink between resources in your API
- [Microsoft REST API Guidelines](https://github.com/Microsoft/api-guidelines) - The Microsoft REST API Guidelines
- [JSON API - Recommendations](http://jsonapi.org/recommendations) - This section contains recommendations for JSON API implementations
- [API Security Checklist](https://github.com/shieldfy/API-Security-Checklist) - Checklist of the most important security countermeasures when designing, testing, and releasing your API

### Arduino
- [Arduino style guide](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/StyleGuide)
- [API Style Guide for Arduino](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/APIStyleGuide)

### Frontend Development
- [CSS Guildelines](https://cssguidelin.es) - High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS.
- [Frontend Guidelines](https://github.com/bendc/frontend-guidelines) - Some HTML, CSS and JS best practices.
- [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es) - An opinionated styleguide for writing sane, maintainable and scalable Sass.
- [Airbnb CSS / Sass Styleguide](https://github.com/airbnb/css) - A mostly reasonable approach to CSS and Sass.
- [HTML Style Guide](https://github.com/marcobiedermann/html-style-guide) - A style guide which helps you write better, performant, structured, scalable and maintainable HTML.
- [HTML + CSS Code Guide](http://codeguide.co) - Standards for flexible, durable, and sustainable HTML and CSS.
- [U.S. Web Design Standards](https://standards.usa.gov) - Open source UI components and visual style guide for U.S. government websites.
- [CoffeeScript Style Guide](https://github.com/polarmobile/coffeescript-style-guide) - A collection of best-practices and coding conventions for the CoffeeScript programming language.
- [LESS Coding Guidelines](https://gist.github.com/fat/a47b882eb5f84293c4ed)
- [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.html)
- [Guidelines for Responsive Web Design](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2011/01/guidelines-for-responsive-web-design/)
- [Yelp Styleguide](https://www.yelp.com/styleguide)
- [Ambassador Conventions](http://conventions.getambassador.com) - A UX and design pattern library for all Ambassador apps.
- [Front-End Checklist](https://github.com/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist)

### GNU
- [GNU coding standards](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/)
- [Making The Best Use of C](https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/html_node/Writing-C.html) - This chapter provides advice on how best to use the C language when writing GNU software.

### Java
- [JavaEE Specification](https://github.com/javaee/javaee-spec)

### Linux
- [Linux kernel coding style](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/process/coding-style.html)

### Mozilla
- [Mozilla Coding Style Guide](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/Coding_Style)

### Node.js
- [npm-coding-style](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/coding-style)
- [Microsoft + Node.js Guidelines](https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejs-guidelines)
- [Node.js Style Guide](https://github.com/felixge/node-style-guide) - A guide for styling your node.js / JavaScript code.

### MongoDB
- [Mongo Style Guide](https://github.com/jsoendermann/MongoStyleGuide)

### Other
- [Keep a CHANGELOG](http://keepachangelog.com/en/0.3.0/) - Don’t let your friends dump git logs into CHANGELOGs™.
- [Project Guidelines](https://github.com/wearehive/project-guidelines) - A set of best practices for JavaScript projects.
- [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org)
- [Indent style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indent_style)
- [WebAppSec/Secure Coding Guidelines](https://wiki.mozilla.org/WebAppSec/Secure_Coding_Guidelines)


## Content Management System
- [WordPress Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/)
- [Drupal Coding Standards](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/standards)


## Tools
- [JavaScript Standard Style](https://standardjs.com) - One JavaScript Style to Rule Them All.
- [Checkstyle](https://github.com/checkstyle/checkstyle) - tool for checking Java source code for adherence to a Code Standard or set of validation rules.
- [Conventional Changelog](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog)
- [semantic-release](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
- [North](http://pointnorth.io) - Design and development standards to align and guide your project.


## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [Wahyu Kristianto](https://github.com/Kristories) has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.
